docs(sdk/java): ide integration and module structure (#9663)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/api/module-structure.mdx

}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Java">
    The Dagger module's code in Java can be split into multiple classes, in multiple files. A few constraints apply:

>     - the main object must be named by the name of the module in PascalCase. For instance if the module is `my-module`, the main class must be named `MyModule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The main object must use the same name as the module, in PascalCase. For instance, if the module name is `my-module`, the main class must be named `MyModule`.
```

Which is correct: main object or main class? They are both used in the above sentence.

Author: The grammar/copy was already updated.

I just pushed a small change to (I hope) make it more understandable regarding the Dagger object and the Java class.

>     - the exposed objects must be annotated with `@Object` and the exposed functions with `@Function`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The exposed objects must be annotated with `@Object` and the exposed functions with `@Function`.
```

    :::note
    The package in which the main object exists is not important. By convention it is named after the module name, but it can be named anything.
    :::

    The description of the module can be set in a `package-info.java` file, with the `@Module` annotation:

    ```java
    /** My Dagger module */
    @Module
    package io.dagger.modules.mymodule;

    import io.dagger.module.annotation.Module;
    ```

    :::note

>     Description will be read from the JavaDoc documentation of the package, class or function. But if you want to define a different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, the description will be read from the JavaDoc documentation of the package, class or function. To define a different
```

>     description for Dagger than the JavaDoc, you can use the `description` field in each `@Module`, `@Object` or `@Function` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description, use the `description` field in each `@Module`, `@Object` or `@Function` annotation.
```

The runtime container is currently hardcoded to run in [php:8.3-cli-alpine](https://hub.docker.com/_/php/tags?name=8.3-cli-alpine) (although this may be configurable in future).

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Java">

> Two containers are used by the runtime, one to build the module into a Jar, one to run it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two containers are used by the runtime, one to build the module into a JAR file, one to run it.
```

This means that so long as the project has a `composer.json` file, it can be used as a library.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Java">

> Dagger modules in Java are built as JAR file, using Maven. The runtime container builds the module code with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dagger modules in Java are built as JAR files, using Maven. The runtime container builds the module code with `mvn clean package`. Other build tools like Gradle might be supported in the future.
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # executed by the runtime build container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> mvn clean package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The generated JAR file is then executed by the runtime container with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated JAR file is then executed by the runtime container with `java -jar module.jar`.
```

> ```shell

Author: Why to remove them and not keep the same structure than ts/php/python tabs?

# executed by the runtime run container
java -jar module.jar
```

:::important

> This means you have to keep the `pom.xml` file and especially the `maven-compiler-plugin` and the `maven-shade-plugin` configurations.

Reviewer: This sentence is not very clear. Where should the user keep these files?

Author: The `pom.xml` is at the root of the module source code. This is the very standard place for it. The configurations are blocks inside the `pom.xml`, again very standard way.
